I'm afraid he will be bad for you.
The emperor's next period of time
My concubine hopes you will be cold to me
Get closer to him
If the concubine has anything to offend him
The emperor might as well throw me directly into the cold palace
This emperor
The concubine suspects that there is another secret
Why don't we lead the snake out of the hole?
Let's see if he fits in well
It's up to you
Sister, your flowers are really blooming
Can you send my sister some?
My sister takes it to make osmanthus cakes
The tree is right here
Go pick it yourself
Sister, would you rather spend it on the ground?
You don't want to give your sister a little, do you?
Sister just wants a little
It won't delay my sister's viewing of the flowers.
My sister likes to pick it.
Do you want this palace to pick it for you in person?
Cuihua is